# Table of Contents
* [Equipment needed](#equipment-needed)
* [Software needed](#software-needed)
* [Instructions](#instructions)
* [Ingesting into the Keep](#ingesting-into-the-keep)

### Equipment Needed:
- Collection SD card
- Digital Intelligence UltraBlock USB 3.0 Forensic Card Reader
- Tableau USB 3.0 Bridge

### Software Needed:
- BitCurator environment
- GuyMager

[Back to top](#table-of-contents)

---

### Instructions:
1. Make sure the computer is in the BitCurator environment (see [here](https://bedwards254.github.io/testBDBC/jekyll/2019/01/22/BC-Windows-Switch.html) for how to switch)
2. Insert the SD card into the correct slot on the Forensic Card Reader. 
3. Connect the USB of the Forensic Card Reader to the USB port of the Tableau bridge. 
4. Connect the Tableau Bridge to the computer using the <span class="blue">BLUE</span> USB cable 
5. Plug in the bridge to its power source. 
6. Push the power button on the Tableau bridge to turn it on. All of the lights should be on. A light should also appear on the Forensic Card Reader, indicating it is receiving power. 
7. Launch Guymager (Desktop\Imaging and Recovery\Guymager).
8. In the Guymager window, select the correct drive and right click to bring up the imaging menu. Select “Acquire image.”
9. Select “Expert Witness Format, sub-format Guymager (file extension .EXX)” as file format and enter basic metadata, as relevant. 
Refer to Metadata Guidelines for guidance:
- Under “Split,” type in an amount above what the total of the drive says it is. Ex. 5 GB on a 4GB drive, to make sure it doesn’t split.
- *Case Number:* Record ID (MSS# then _ then a successive 2 or 3 digit number)
- *Evidence Number:* Disk Number/Title
- *Examiner:* Imager’s Net ID (e.g., dwaugh, elfarr)
- *Description:* Brief description of media (e.g., collection name and type of drive it is, and number if applicable (Rita Ann Higgins flash drive 1)) and physical label, if applicable.
- *Notes:* As needed

10. Browse to directory in which newly created image will be stored.
- a. Instructions for getting to hard drive PC:
    * i. Use the browse button (...) to the right of *Image directory* to navigate to the folder created at step 5;
    * 1. NOTE: Go ```media/bcadmin/New Volume/``` to reach the hard drive properly
- b. Back in Guymager, select newly created folder as image directory.

11. Enter file name for the image. The file name should be the record ID (MSS# then _ then a successive 2 or 3 digit number). If there is a virtual disk label, include this in the file name as well (MSS#_virtual disk label_successive 2 or 3 digit number, e.g., 1061_AlicesDisk_01).
12. The information file name will automatically populate with whatever file name is entered for the image. This will be the file name for the metadata generated by Guymager.
13. Select all check boxesat the bottom(“Calculate MD5,”“Calculate SHA-1,”“Calculate SHA-256,”“Re-read source after acquisition for verifications (takes twice as long),”and “Verify image after acquisition (takestwice as long)”)
14. Hit “Start”

**NOTE:** You can check the progress of disk imaging by scrolling to the right in the Guymager window.

**NOTE:** You can review the disk image contents by right-clicking the object and selecting *Scripts > Mount Disk Image*. The disk image will be mounted on the Desktop. Double-click to open it and view files.

[Back to top](#table-of-contents)

---

# Ingesting into the Keep

### Before you begin:
- The following steps can be performed from your own computer and do not require that you be in the Digital Archives Lab. 

**Ingest Bag into the Keep:**

1. Log into the Keep at https://keep.library.emory.edu.
2. Click *ingest uploaded content*.
3. In the Collection box, begin typing the collection name and select the correct one from the list that pops up.
4. From the File to ingest drop-down menu, select the first of your Bags.
5. Hit Submit.

**Complete Keep object metadata record:**

6. Click on the newly-ingested object’s PID in order to view its metadata record.
7. Complete **Descriptive Metadata**:
- The following fields should auto-populate:
- Collection
- Title
- Resource Type
- Genre
- Identifier

- Refer to the SD card. If the label contains any notes regarding dates or content, 
enter them where relevant. If not, note the type and size of the card. 
- Dates can be added to the *Covering Dates* field. Neither a date range nor full dates are required, so add as 
much or as little information as you have.
- Other label information can be added to the Abstract field.

8. Complete **Technical Metadata**:
- The following fields should be completed:
  * **Imaging Date:** Enter the date on which you imaged the disk.
  * **Creating Application:** From the drop-down menu, select the application used to create the disk image. For all of our 
optical disks, this will be *Guymager (BitCurator 1.0) 0.7.3-1*.
  * **Original Environment Software:** Type *None* in all three Original Environment Software fields.
  * **Hardware Name:** Type *SD Card*.
  * **Hardware Type:** Select *removable media* from drop-down menu.
  * **Other information:** Type *Imaged using Guymager in BitCurator environment*.
9. Complete **Rights Metadata:** 
- The following field should be completed:
  * **Access Status:** Select *13: Metadata only* from the drop-down menu.
10. Hit *Save*.

[Back to top](#table-of-contents)

